[Dimple] All right. Let's do this.
-From here we should split up.
-[Teru] Okay.
[Ishiguro] There are at least
three intruders in our facility.
Terada and Koyama have been defeated.
It's time for you, the Awakened, to shine!
You've endured the trials
of rigorous training and came out strong.
Now's your chance to show
just how powerful we can be!
[all cheer]
Though none of you stand a chance.
["99" playing]
♪ If everyone is not special
Maybe you can be what you want to be ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ One, two, three, four, five ♪
♪ Six, seven, eight, nine, ten ♪
♪ Eleven, twelve, thirteen
Fourteen, fifteen ♪
♪ Sixteen, seventeen
Eighteen, nineteen, twenty ♪
♪ Twenty-one, twenty-two
Twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Twenty-six, twenty-seven
Twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Thirty-one, thirty-two
Thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Thirty-six, thirty-seven
Thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ Mob, Mob, what do you want? ♪
♪ Mob, Mob, why do you want?
Mob, Mob ♪
♪ Who do you want?
Move, move, just like Mob! ♪
♪ If everyone is not special
Maybe you can be what you want to be ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ Your life is your own, okay? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Eighty-one, eighty-two
Eighty-three, eighty-four ♪
♪ Eighty-five, eighty-six, eighty-seven
Eighty-eight, eighty-nine, ninety ♪
♪ Ninety-one, ninety-two
Ninety-three, ninety-four, ninety-five ♪
♪ Ninety-six, ninety-seven
Ninety-eight, ninety-nine! ♪
[song concludes]
THE HEINOUS AURA
~MASTERMIND~
[enigmatic music playing]
[lackey 1] No way!
So all the Scars were sent
after the intruders?
That's big. They must be worried.
When are we gonna get in on the action?
I feel like all we do
is lame grunt work around here.
Just let it go, man.
'Cause those who don't awaken
will always be stuck at the bottom.
Eventually, we'll end up
subordinates of kids like him.
Ain't that the truth.
Speaking of, did you hear about
the kid who was sent here
from HQ as a temp?
From what I understand,
he's an Awakened Child
that they created on their own.
[lackey 2] A normal kid survived
that insane awakening experiment
HQ puts them through? Lucky!
I wanna be in an experiment
for the big-wigs, too.
You wanna die?
Don't even think about it.
The destruction of your mind's
just the beginning of that torture.
-Really? Gen, you know about HQ?
-Huh?
[Gen] Just stories, mostly.
Heard the trials are so painful
most people don't make it out alive.
After 20 years as a lackey around here,
-I've learned HQ is bad news.
-[gulps]
[Gen] You don't want nothin' to do
with those guys.
Wait! Hang on a sec.
What the hell do you think
you guys are doin'?
Should've known it wouldn't be easy.
[lackey 3] What happened
to your trainers?!
-Took them out.
-[lackey 2] What?
Can't believe they were beaten
by a bunch of snot-nosed kids.
-We'll take care of--
-Let 'em go!
-No way! Are you serious?
-I wasn't expecting that. Are you sure?
-Yeah. Just go.
-Thanks, I appreciate it.
[Takeshi] We aren't gonna get
stabbed in the back, are we?
[door closes]
What the hell? Why'd you--?
-Shut your mouths, you youngins!
-[lackeys gasp]
You don't know anything
about how the world works!
An esper and a normal human
are like night and day.
The difference in strength
is astronomical.
If it's a powerful one,
it's like zero versus ten.
-[lackeys gasp]
-There's no way you can win.
Damn it. If only my powers
had awakened, I could've--
[Gen] Give it up.
If you don't awaken the first time around,
there's no hope of it happening. Ever.
[lackey 3] Wait. Seriously?
[lackey 2] We're gonna
be lackeys forever?
[lackey 4] There's no way
you're fine with that, Gen!
[exhales, chuckles]
I don't think you kids
are really grasping the situation.
Claw will definitely rule over this world.
And when they do, all of us lackeys
who supported them will be rewarded.
But for right now,
we just need to wait things out.
Until the day the revolution
is finally upon us!
[all gasp]
Uh-huh. What do we have here?
From the looks of that door,
I'd say I found somewhere
or something pretty special.
Must be where they're keeping
Ritsu and the others.
[clattering]
[Dimple] Hmm?
Uh?
I thought it was
one of the intruders at first,
but it's just security.
[lackey] What are you
wanderin' around for?
Oh, so that's where I am!
I got a little turned around.
My sense of direction is just terrible.
Just do your damn job, okay?
-Right, sorry about that.
-[lackey] Hmm.
What's over here?
I haven't actually
been inside this room yet.
Maybe I'll just have a peek
as long as I'm down here.
Hold it! You're lying. You're an impostor.
I'm telling you to let me see
the room, small fries.
This guy's one of the intruders!
Everyone, release your powers!
-[lackeys scream]
-[Dimple] Whoa.
Individually, they're no big deal,
but they're not bad
when they work together.
A normal human wouldn't
be able to escape from this.
How long do you think you can
keep this up, tough guy?
Hey, nice effort.
-[all gasp]
-But you're still outclassed!
[lackeys scream]
[lackeys grunt]
Now, back to the matter at hand.
Let's see what's goin' on in this room.
Hey, you! Explain this.
Uh. Well, this is
the awakening experiments room.
[Dimple] These look like
a bunch of torture devices.
[lackey] Yes.
Our organization discovered
that experiencing pain
is a catalyst to being awakened.
[Dimple] Hmm.
Actually, they're not too far off.
But even after going
through that much pain,
all you guys can do is momentarily
inconvenience someone.
In the end, the world really
does favor the gifted.
You'll never be A-listers.
You have a better chance
focusing on body building.
-[Matsuo] Is that so?
-[whimpers]
What do we have here?
It's not every day a ghost wanders
into our facilities.
How would you like to become my ghost?
I promise, I'll take
excellent care of you. Hmm.
CLAW UPPER ECHELON:
MATSUO
[chuckles] So you wanna own me, do you?
Someone dangerous just showed up.
Huh? You weren't able
to find them in their cage?
Don't mess with me, punk!
I told you to bring 'em here!
So where are they?!
Well, you see, uh, from the looks of it,
they got out on their own.
If you're lying to me,
I'll kick your lackey ass!
-[lackey 1] I'm not lying. I swear!
-Okay, then.
[grunts]
[sighs] Good grief.
I don't like imitating
those thugs from the alley,
but it seems to work well on weaklings.
[lackey 2] This isn't over.
You're wide open! Ignite!
Ha, ha! With this flame, I'll-- [grunts]
[Teru] Can't believe you thought
you could fight me.
Those powers are a joke.
It's funny.
Everyone in Claw seems a little--
[gasps]
[upbeat music playing]
[Miyagawa] Aw, did you get burned?
[chuckles] What you're seeing
is true pyrokinesis.
The ability to wield fire at will.
CLAW UPPER ECHELON:
MIYAGAWA
[Teru gasps]
A Scar!
Are you the brat Koyama
was goin' on and on about?
How pathetic.
I'll turn your body to ash.
[grunts]
[Miyagawa] I know what you're thinking.
"It's okay,
my barrier can withstand this!"
[gasps]
[growls]
[Miyagawa laughs]
The inside of your barrier
turns into an insanely hot sauna.
So much so that your lungs
will burn when you breathe.
A stupid mistake amateurs
like you make time and time again.
[Teru] You're the amateur here.
[Miyagawa] Big talk, kid.
But in order to fight back,
you'll have to drop your barrier.
And when you do,
you'll be burned to a crisp.
And if you keep this up,
you'll be steamed.
So that means this fight is over.
Your options are either burn to death
or surrender to me and hope--
[Teru] Bring it on.
[chuckles] Sure!
Prepare to die!
Now I won't spare you,
even if you beg me to!
But given how much heat
I'm throwing at you,
your pleading tears
would evaporate anyway!
[laughs]
[screams]
When I switched my barrier over,
my clothes got kinda singed.
It's true that you can't defend
and attack at the same time
with psychic powers.
So the solution was to put
a barrier around my attacker.
-[screams]
-Uh? Well, guess you're not listening.
You're causing a racket,
so I'll let you out.
-Wow, that's surprising.
-[groans]
[Teru] You can still move around
with all those burns?
Who knows?
Maybe people with pyrokinesis
have a higher tolerance to heat.
-Either way--
-[grunts]
Your arrogance and lack of flexibility
led to your downfall.
And with that, I'm the winner. [chuckles]
[sighs] Now I'm sweating.
-Maybe I was a little scared.
-[Sakurai] I must say. Well done.
[gasps]
You're much stronger
than I was as a child.
However, I possess more strength now
than you will have in your whole lifetime.
It's the end of the road. Just give up.
[chuckles] Exaggerate much, buddy?
[gasps]
[grunts, groans]
[musical beeping and chiming]
[loud rattling]
Oh, hello. How's it goin', everyone?
So, uh, I'm looking
for my younger brother.
Apparently, he's somewhere
inside this building.
[Mukai] Yipee!
My dolls found one!
They found an intruder!
CLAW UPPER ECHELON:
MUKAI
Hey, Tsucchi.
Can I do whatever I want with him?
Yeah, sure. You caught him,
so he's your toy now.
CLAW UPPER ECHELON:
TSUCHIYA
[Mukai chuckles] Yay!
I'm gonna go have a look!
If I don't hurry, my dolls will break him
before I have a chance to play!
[door closes]
[Tsuchiya] Mukai, the puppet master.
Quite the ability she's got.
She can control all those wooden dolls
remotely and telepathically,
holding an immortal army in her hands.
And just look at her,
so excited over finding a new toy.
-I wouldn't wanna get on her bad side.
-[pants, chuckles]
It's all clear now.
Then let's move.
We need to find the exit, and quickly.
-[lackey] Ah-ha!
-[group gasps]
Found you, jail-breakers!
[chuckles] That was easy!
Sorry, you guys.
Guess I picked the wrong route.
No, don't worry. You did just fine.
We'll force our way through.
Ya think so, brat?!
Now! Combination Super Psychokine--
[lackeys grunt]
Holy crap!
It looks like their espers
aren't really all that strong.
Power-wise, they're all on
the same level as Hoshino.
-What's that mean?
-They're better off punching people.
-[all gasp]
-[Sho] Not bad!
You're right about them not being strong.
They're useless as real soldiers.
SHO
[Ritsu] I don't see a scar like
the trainers talked about.
He's not a part of the upper echelon.
-Who are you?
-Who, me? Wonder who I could be.
Perfect. We're dealing with a smartass.
We're all in a bit of a hurry right now.
We can play guessing games
some other time.
[all grunt]
[Sho] Now, now, no need to be so mean.
I thought we could all be friends here.
-[gasps] This guy seems dangerous.
-Agreed. We're finished.
It's okay. You guys can go on ahead.
-Kageyama.
-I'll take care of this one myself.
Hang on!
I've got a bad feeling about this!
-Just give it up. You can't defeat me.
-[Ritsu] I don't believe that.
[gasps] Really? Why?
I mean you're not a moron
or anything, are you?
[Ritsu] Maybe.
Or maybe it's 'cause I know
someone stronger than you.
Is that so?
He must be
one of the other intruders I take it?
Then, I suppose
I'll just have to use you as bait
and bring him out of the shadows.
-[Tsuchiya grunting]
-[Mukai] Tsucchi!
Oh, Mukai. You're back
from playtime already?
-You're as ruthless as ever.
-[sobs]
Wood scraps?
Hey, Mukai. What happened to your dolls?
[cries]
-[echoing clatter]
-[tense music playing]
That boy broke them.
He broke all my lovely dolls! [sobs]
Leave this to me. He's mine now.
[loud bang]
-[Mob] Hm?
-[Tsuchiya] Hey, you!
Tell me, are you one of the intruders?
[Tsuchiya] He really is just a kid.
How could he possibly--
Are you the violent-type too, old lady?
[gasps] You brat!
Who are you calling old, huh?
-[grunts]
-Tsucchi!
You're not going to stop me
with telekinesis like that!
[grunts]
[Ishiguro] Her ability
is Hardening Qigong,
which she uses to divert
all of her qi into her fists or knees
to make them more powerful.
She's a top-class fighter,
even among the Scars.
If she manages to lose,
you might actually have
to step in, Takeuchi.
And take this intruder seriously.
CLAW UPPER ECHELON:
TAKEUCHI
[yells]
[grunts]
[Tsuchiya] This could get tricky
if I give him enough time to attack again.
-Huh?
-[groans]
[Tsuchiya] These hits aren't having
much of an effect.
Is his qi guard really that thick?
Without any build up!
[grunts]
-Huh.
-[Tsuchiya grunts]
[phone ringing]
Hey! Your damn phone's ringing!
[grunts]
[Tsuchiya] Wait a minute. What the--
You came this far, so why are you crying?
Because I really don't wanna have
to beat up a lady during this rescue.
-[Mukai] Huh?
-[Tsuchiya] What did you say?
My master always told me guys
who go around beating up women
-are the biggest losers in the world.
-[sighs]
You're quite the gentleman,
but that's an insult.
I'm giving you permission
to fight me fair and square, okay?
Give it everything you've got!
[screams]
Stay away from me!
Huh. It sure looks like I drew
the short straw on this one.
I've never even heard of this power.
This human can make evil spirits
his obedient pets.
[Matsuo] You're good at running away.
But why don't you leave that body behind?
-It'd be easier to move as a spirit.
-[Dimple] Huh?
Are you holding that man hostage?
Forget him. He's not worth it.
[Dimple] Crap!
[Gum-Chan roars]
-[Dimple groans]
-[Matsuo laughs]
[sighs]
[Dimple] This body
won't hold up much longer.
Only third-rate spirits would let the body
they possessed be damaged.
But I have even less of a chance
of beating him in spirit form.
In that case…
What exactly are you trying to do?
[Dimple] I've noticed those things return
to their master after they attack.
Now why would they be trained to do that?
Maybe it's 'cause their master
isn't strong enough to protect himself?
I see right through you!
-[yells]
-[Matsuo] He's fast!
-Here, Cookie! Here, Gum!
-[both roar]
[Matsuo] Now he can't come any closer.
What?!
[grunts, groans]
[Matsuo] Did he fall?
No, wait! He's not--
We can fight some other time.
See ya, dude!
I'm gonna crush you in the next round!
[grunts] Go! After that bastard!
Bring him to me! He will be mine!
[roars]
-[Dimple] Fooled ya, dumbass!
-[Matsuo sighs]
Oh, man, you fell for that?
Crap! Get back here!
Three seconds should be plenty of time.
How about a knuckle sandwich?! [grunts]
[Matsuo] Not so fast.
You're the one who underestimated me.
What makes you think
I only have two evil spirits?
[Dimple] You mean,
all those around his waist are--
Crap! There's nowhere to run!
[Ishiguro] Looks like Tsuchiya
was defeated.
-Takeuchi, I'm counting on you.
-[Takeuchi] Very well.
No one in the world is a match
for the power of my Super Qigong.
I'll win, no matter what!
[Ishiguro] Takeuchi,
the Super Qigong user.
His face changes in battle mode.
Even I can't completely get a read on him.
What do you think?
I was thinking you should
all run away from here.
-[Ishiguro] Why is that?
-[Teru] Simple. Because I know Kageyama.
-[Ishiguro] Oh?
-Not to mention, it's impossible
to take over
the world with psychic powers.
Use this opportunity
to wake up from that dream.
[Ishiguro] You won
fighting against Miyagawa.
Why are you wasting your time
living among the normals
when you're such a powerful esper?
[Sakurai] We are special beings.
And that's a fact.
Not a dream.
Long as you keep believing that,
you will never be able to take him down.
[groans]
[Mob] I know you were trying
to do something,
but I'm sorry. I'm kind of in a hurry.
[Mob gasps]
-[pensive music playing]
-N… No way…
Is that Ritsu? What happened?
Oh, he's still breathing. Thank goodness.
But I don't understand.
Why does my little brother
have to be put through all of this?
I just-- I don't get it.
It's unforgivable.
Well? What's the situation here,
young one?
Hope you haven't already
been defeated by others.
I haven't even used my powers yet.
[Mob] Did you do this to him?
[Muto] Not hiding your hostility, eh?
In that case,
I'll show you even greater despair,
free of charge.
[yelps]
[Mob] No.
[beeping]
[Mob] This isn't real.
REJECTION
[chiming]
-[Mob screaming]
-[Muto yelps]
[whimpers]
Man, that was a close one.
He managed to amplify
the illusion Muto showed him
and reversed it.
But was it planned or natural instinct?
[chuckles] Gotta admit,
he's pretty interesting.
It was totally worth using his brother
as bait to get him down here.
Not bad, you two.
[Ishiguro] Out of the 11 Scars,
seven have been defeated
during this intrusion.
How should I explain
that situation to the boss?
[Teru] What's going on?
Kageyama actually lost?
It can't be.
The guy who carried those two here,
did he really…
Hey, what's up?
It's okay, don't be scared!
[Teru] There's no way
he'd lose to someone like that!
Hi, I'm back! What's up?
Seems you captured the others, too.
-You look pretty happy.
-[Matsuo] Yes.
One of the intruders is an evil spirit
who has a very strong ego.
[Teru] They got Dimple, too?
This poison jar has hundreds
of evil spirits thrown inside it.
The one that survives
after viciously attacking
and devouring the others
becomes the ultimate pet.
What in the hell is this place?
No, wait! Stop it!
Let's talk about this! W… wait!
You don't wanna eat me!
I have no nutritional value!
Help me, please!
["Refrain Boy" playing]
[song concludes]
[breathes heavily]
I see it! There's the exit!
Now we can call for help!
Wait! Stop, it's no use.
-We've got a problem here.
-What's wrong, Hoshino?
Damn! There's no way
we can get through that!
-Wait a second, they're--
-What the--
Did someone important
show up or something?
[Takeshi gasps] That aura.
[Go] Holy crap! Even I can feel it.
It's an insanely powerful esper!
No way, it can't be.
There's only one person with those powers.
[Kaito] And that would be their leader.
[all] Claw's boss!
[Reigen] The boss of Claw
finally shows himself.
Yes, it's me.
I'm sorry I kept this hidden
from you so long, Mob.
No matter what happens from now on,
live your life to the fullest.
Next time on Mob Psycho 100,
episode 11, "Master ~Leader~."
The serious option C?
An excellent decision.